Update MUSIC tutorial (#1552)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/tutorials/music_tutorial/music_tutorial_4.rst

As the ``pymusic`` bindings are still quite new the
documentation is still lagging behind. This quick introduction should
nevertheless be enough for you to get going with the bindings. And

> should you need further help, the authors are only an email away.

Author: I don't know, do you want me to remove the sentence or put in nest-user e-mail?

> should you need further help, the authors are only an email away.

Reviewer: The NEST Users email would be great!

> nevertheless be enough for you to get going with the bindings. And
> should you need further help, the authors are only an email away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nevertheless be enough for you to get going with the bindings. Feel
free to ask our `Mailing List <https://www.nest-initiative.org/mailinglist/>`_ 
if you need further help.
```

Author: Thanks @sarakonradi! Time got away again.
